Meet TOWAN, a stoner rock band that is not your average group.
With a strong disdain for the traditional education system/societal system, they channel their energy into their music, creating a sound that is both raw and liberating.
Their rehearsals & shows serve not only as a way to perfect their craft, but also as an escape from the stresses of daily life.
This band of five members come together to create a truly unique, fun and entertaining experience..



After introducing the members of TOWAN, the crowd is buzzing with anticipation.
This band has a reputation for putting on an electrifying live show, full of raw energy and rebellious spirit.
With a sound that fuses elements of stoner rock with a modern edge, they're sure to leave a lasting impression on audiences of all ages.
Don't miss your chance to see them live and be a part of the unforgettable experience.


#Insta tekstjes#

Kobe
Meet Kobe Walleghem, the brains behind Towan, our shredding metal guitar master and founder. 
Don't let his intimidating appearance fool you, he's a real nice guy, always fun and active with a love for beer. 
Follow us for more of his heavy riffs and solos. 
#Towan #Guitarist #MetalHead


Lajos
"Introducing Lajos Tauber, the lead vocalist, bluesy roots, and the backbone of Towan.
Daddy of the group, with years of gigging experience, he's always showing that music is his number one priority.
Even though he has a daytime job, he still manages to bring his A-game every time.
Follow us for more of his soulful sound #Towan #BluesRock #VocalistGuitarist"


Sybe
"Introducing Sybe Versluys, the monkey-loving drummer and occasional vocalist of Towan.
Whether it's a monkey on his kickdrum or his playful antics in rehearsals, he's always bringing the fun.
With his creative and abstract approach to writing music, and his incredible drumming skills, he's a force to be reckoned with.
Follow us for more of his beats and occasional vocals #Towan #Drummer #Creativity"


Wolf
Introducing Wolf d'Anvers, the bass player of Towan. He's a 6-string bass wizard, 
his deep groovy pocket and versatile playing style is unmatched. 
He's as serious about his bass playing as he is about his food, so don't mess with either. 
Follow us for more of his groovy and diverse basslines #Towan #BassPlayer #Groove


Stef
Introducing Stef Audenaert, the sound engineer and manager of Towan. 
He might be the old drummer of the band but he's still very much part of the group, 
his love for partying and his amazing ear for live mixing makes him a vital part of the band. 
He knows what he's doing and that's why he's the key player in the band's live sound, 
follow us for more of his work #Towan #SoundEngineer #Manager